---
layout: post
title:  "Dan Reads"
subtitile: "A Book Blog"
update:   2023-06-17
date: 2021-06-07
created: 2021-06-07
categories: dan-carroll github books
---

My mission here, [at Dan Reads](https://dan-carroll.github.io/danreads/) is to share the books I read. Some are for the simple love of books. Others are for their content. Gotta love them too.

Okay, simple intro above, but really, I am a bookworm. I have always loved reading. And I would love to share what I have read. But it is not always easy to find someone willing to listen to me rave about my reads.

So, here I am blogging about my reads. My interests are varied but I may end up with way too many science fiction titles here. But I am also into the fantasy genre, to a certain extent. Along with westerns, adventure, military action, historical fiction (some), and suspenseful mystery thrillers (with some action).

I do read some books intended for youth, especially when there is suspense and adventure involoved. Basically, the same genres of fiction i like are readable whether meant for a young audience or a more mature one. I really look for a good story being told by a masterful storyteller.

You may also see some children's books here. After all, I am a Pa-Pa. Need to read to the grandkids. I am making an effort to foster a love of reading in a new generation. And books do make great gifts.

As for non-fiction, I primarily read STEAM – Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, and Math – books. But also interested in Finance, Self-improvement, Inspirational, Gardening, Woodworking, Health, Cooking, and Nature subjects. So definitely not limited to a single genre.
